In this MA, you should do the following:

You should wire in Fritzing (both, the breadboard and schematic view) of the following circuits:

At least 3 circuits from basic sensors (exercise#3 slide or see below).
* a circuit to test a digital IR sensor FC-51 (search for it). To check that the sensor works, you need to connect a multimeter to read the voltage of the sensor´s OUT pin. Optionally, you could also connect an LED to the OUT pin.
* a circuit to test an analogue IR sensor (IR distance sensor in core bin). To check that the sensor works, you need to connect a multimeter to read the voltage of the sensor´s OUT pin. Optionally, you could also connect an LED to the OUT pin.
* an H-bridge with switches and control a DC motor: You need 4 switches, a dc motor and a 4.8V battery. When pressing two switches, the motor needs to turn in one direction. When pressing the other two switches, the motor needs to turn in the opposite direction. Warning, this circuit can create a short-circuit if you press the wrong switches. This is ok. Do not use resistors for this circuit. Resistors should not be used in series with motors as there are a couple of problems: The first one is that most resistors will no be able to handle high currents that are needed for the motors. And second, if they can support the current, they slow down the motor and dissipate a lot of energy as heat. If you ned to slow down a DC motor, there is another technique  that can be used and is more efficient (Pulse With Modulation or PWM); we will explain it during next lecture. 
The basic sensor circuits to choose from are: 

Control the brightness of a LED with a potentiometer: The LED should increase or decrease its brightness based on the position of the potentiometer´s knob. Warning: the LED cannot be damaged by turning the potentiometer.
Read a potentiometer: You need to determine the position of the potentiometer´s knob by reading a voltage. Thus, build a circuit and find a point (terminal or wire) where its voltage changes when you change the position of the knob. Use a multimeter to read the voltage of that point and see how it changes when the knob is moved.
Read the status of a switch:  You need to determine the status of switch (released or pressed) by reading a voltage. Thus, build a circuit and find a point (terminal or wire) where its voltage changes when you change the status (released or pressed) of the switch. Use a multimeter to read the voltage of that point and see how it changes when the switch is pressed/released.
Use a swich to switch on and off an LED: You need to control the status of an LED (on or off) with a switch. There are two possible solutions. In the first one, the switch is pressed and the LED is on (bright) and when you press the switch the LED is off. In the second one, the switch is pressed and the LED is off and when you press the switch the LED is on (bright). The switch and the LED are the same for both options, you only need to change the wiring.
Use a 3 pin swich and two LEDs: One LED should be always on, and changing the swich status changes the LED that is on.
Optionally: Think how you could make a robot that avoids obstacles using switches (can you make this circuit?, where would you place the sensors in the robot) Tip in slide 64, but there are other posibilities.

Optionally, if you have an Arduino kit. You can also test the previous circuits without using the real componets. In order to power the circuit, you have two options. The first one is to use the battery holder that comes in the kit. If the battery holder has a barrel connector, plug it to the Arduino and you can take the power from the battery in the Vin and the ground (GND) headers. Important! Do not plug the Arduino to the computer through the USB cable! The second option is to use the power from the USB port of your computer. In order to that be sure that the battery is not connected and plug the USB cable to the Arduino and the computer (be sure to have installed the Arduino IDE to avoid problems with the drivers) . And then you can take the power from the 5V and GND headers.  Use the jumper cables in the kit to connect these headers to the breadboard and try to use the colours wisely.

One thinh that it is nice to test with the physical sensor is the IR sensor as there is noice and reacts differently with different surfaces/objects, distance to objects and lights. 